# Movie Sentiment Analysis

This repositiory showcases the first of two projects that were meant for me to learn about transfer learning. In this particualr mini-project, the goal was to develop a transformer model that can give a sentiment analysis of movie reviews. To do this, I first downloaded the pre-trained model, DistillBERT, from Hugging Face. To fine-tune the model, I decided to used Kaggle's IMBD movie review (dataset)[https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/lakshmi25npathi/imdb-dataset-of-50k-movie-reviews?resource=download]. I used the transformer framework from Hugging face, so no code was written by me. I mainly learned how the framework was supposed to be used and implement various classes such as the TrainingArugments and Trainer class. This made developing easier but I sp 

This project showcases my work in taking a pre-trained transformer model and fine-tuning it to be able to give a sentiment analysis on movie reviews. To do this I took the DistillBERT pre-trained model from Hugging Face and fine-tuned it with an IMBD movie review dataset from Kaggle. I mainly depended on the transformer library to pre-process the dataset and train the model. Pre-processing of the data was minor, and mainly to assure it was in the right format that the Trainer class required to properly train the model. The dataset also had to be divided into training and test sets, therefore, 20% of the original data was set aside as the test set. As mentioned I mainly used the transformer library for setup and therefore used TrainingArgument class to specify the required arguments to train the model such as learning rate, batch size, and epochs. After the setup the model was training with the help of the Trainer class and it achieved a training loss of 0.2636 and validation loss of 0.24973 after 2500 steps, across 2 epchos. The accuracy of the model reach 0.8975, which showed resonable performance. 

Experiment with Hugging Face transformers and learn how to fine-tune a pretrained model to perform a movie review sentiment analysis.

- distllBert: For Movie Sentiment Analysis
